Configuration: allow custom health check endpoint (#4145)
apollographql/router: .changesets/config_aaron_allow_custom_healthcheck_endpoint.md

> ### Configuration: allow custom health check endpoint ([Issue #2938](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/2938))
> 
> Adds a configuration option for custom health check endpoints, using `/health` as default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuration: allow custom health check endpoint ([Issue #2938](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/2938))

Adds a configuration option for custom health check endpoints, `health_check.path`, with `/health` as the default value.
```

### Configuration: allow custom health check endpoint ([Issue #2938](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/2938))

Adds a configuration option for custom health check endpoints, using `/health` as default

> <!-- start metadata -->
> ---

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 3: Did you commit @aaronArinder ?

Author: shoot, no, I thought I had but I didn't

Author: committed
